README.md, before:

19-JAN-2025
Submitted assignment 1
Learnings-
	Basic of c#
	Take input and show output in c#-
	Type conversion in c#(for float ---> Convert.ToSingle)
	inbulid Math functions(Pow, PI)
	String formating 

20-JAN-2025
Added operators practice code 

21-JAN-2025
Added classes and objects practice code
Learnings -
	Access modifiers in csharp and their difference
	static and non static methods
	constructor and non static constructor in c
	calling of static method in non static and vice a versa
	classes and objects in c#
28-JAN-2025
Added assignment questions of 28-JAN-2025
Learnings  -
	Random module in c#
	String format
	methods
	working with 2D arrays
	
29-JAN-2025
added assignment on strings 29-JAN-2025
Learnings  -  
	how to work with strings
	strings are immutable
	how to work iwth immutable data types
	made programs without using buildin methods
	char[] array
	list<char>

30-JAN-2025
added assignment questions on string and buildin functions(30/31-jan-2025)
Learnings  -  
	working with date and time in c#
	working with array without build in methods
	converting time in various time zones


31-JAN-2025
Added assignment of buildin functions and calsses and objects
Learnings - 
	basic concepts of classes and objects
	working with date and time 
	Constructors
	Buildin methods

Commit message:

[Lakshay]Update. update on classes and objects in readme file

README.md, after:

19-JAN-2025
Submitted assignment 1

LEARNINGS-
	Basic of c#
	Take input and show output in c#-
	Type conversion in c#(for float ---> Convert.ToSingle)
	inbulid Math functions(Pow, PI)
	String formating 

20-JAN-2025
Added operators practice code 

21-JAN-2025
Added classes and objects practice code

LEARNINGS -
	Access modifiers in csharp and their difference
	static and non static methods
	constructor and non static constructor in c
	calling of static method in non static and vice a versa
	classes and objects in c#
28-JAN-2025
Added assignment questions of 28-JAN-2025

LEARNINGS  -
	Random module in c#
	String format
	methods
	working with 2D arrays
	
29-JAN-2025
added assignment on strings 29-JAN-2025

LEARNINGS  -  
	how to work with strings
	strings are immutable
	how to work iwth immutable data types
	made programs without using buildin methods
	char[] array
	list<char>

30-JAN-2025
added assignment questions on string and buildin functions(30/31-jan-2025)

LEARNINGS  -  
	working with date and time in c#
	working with array without build in methods
	converting time in various time zones


31-JAN-2025
Added assignment of buildin functions and calsses and objects

LEARNINGS - 
	basic concepts of classes and objects
	working with date and time 
	Constructors
	Buildin methods
			 

01-FEB-2025
Added assignment question on classes and objects

LEARNINGS - 
	Access modifiers
	Instance and class methods
	instance and class level attributes
	instance vs class level
	constructor chaining
	copy constructor
	object passing and dealing with objects
